Hello there! I'm Milena. I am a beginner software tester currently looking for a first role where I can transfer my knowledge into experience. I have a passion for identifying glitches, bugs, and defects in software.  I have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, attention to details. I am starting my adventure in the IT industry with the hope of a new opportunities. 
I completed relevant courses in software testing, which provided me with a comprehensive understanding of software testing methodologies and tools. 
I have actively engaged in several volunteer projects organized by Anna Pieciulko- Czyrko with Cherry- IT, that allowed me to apply my testing skills. I have hands-on experience in creating test plans, executing test cases, and identifying and reporting software bugs. In January 2024 I passed ISTQB FL exam. I'm enthusiastic about growing and gaining new skills on my testing journey. 
Outside of work, I enjoy singing and writing lyrics. It provides a creative outlet for my thoughts and emotions, allowing me to express myself in unique ways. It reduces stress and improves my mood. I really like listen to music. It boosts motivation during exercise or challenging tasks. Listening to music inspires creativity and new ideas. 
On the other hand, I started training in running, specifically 'Slow Jogging'. Slow jogging belongs to running training methods and consists of slow running in which small steps are taken. It is slower than traditional jogging or running typically at a speed where you can maintain a conversation comfortably. The goal is to maintain a "niko niko" pace, which means "smile" in Japanese.  I really enjoy jogging because it keeps me physically active and helps clear my mind, fostering both physical and mental well-being. 
These hobbies allow me to express my creativity and connect with my emotions, providing a meaningful outlet for my thoughts and ideas. 
As I transition into a career as a software tester, I bring a unique blend of precision, quick learning, and a strong focus on detail. My dedication to prioritizing tasks effectively ensures that I can manage time and resources efficiently, focusing on the most critical aspects of each project. 
Outside of work, I enjoy singing and writing lyrics. It provides a creative outlet for my thoughts and emotions, allowing me to express myself in unique ways. It reduces stress and improves my mood. I really like listen to music. It boosts motivation during exercise or challenging tasks. Listening to music inspires creativity and new ideas. 

My personal and proffesional experience have tought me the following about myself: 

- I educate, refine and drive myself to be a better person 

- I am constantly learning because I never settle 

- I stay calm when faced with adversity 

- I focus on making high-quality decisions 

 

Have any questions? Feel free to reach me out! 

📧 lewinskaxmilena@gmail.com 

 

